# Rotomi.io 
A Pokémon Sword and Shield Rental Teams database. 

## What is Rotomi 
In Pokémon Sword and Shield, players can share their teams with others creating Rental Teams. They generate a rental code, which can be inserted by any other player, allowing them to "rent" the team and use them as their own. 
Using Rotomi, players can upload a screenshot of the Rental Team taken from their Nintendo Switch, and generate a Pokémon Team from it. Rotomi takes the screenshot provided by user and uses Optical Recognition to read the information in it, and saves it in a database. 
The team is saved in Rotomi's database, and can be accessible through a unique link that is generated at the same time, or found in the search bar. 

Rotomi.io is a database of competitive Pokémon teams generated by players, and a tool to import to import and transform your rental team information into something readable.
Rotomi is great for sharing your team with other people with a unique link, and also to search and find cool new rental teams to try out! 

## How it works 
Rotomi is made with Javascript, using ReactJS for the front-end and NodeJS for the backend. It also uses AWS to store the images files of the rental teams uploaded by users, and MongoDB to store the teams information.  

For the OCR part, Rotomi uses Google's image API. It's actually a very simple process, since all rental team screenshots follow the same size, shape, and all the info is always in the same spot. The image is basically broken down in smaller pieces, to separate the info from the player and each pokémon, and then reads the text and converts it all into text, combining the data into a new team. 

# Future plans
I finished working on this in 2020, and it was a great project to learn and have fun. I'd love to see this more used by the community, so look for me on twitter @hypermilla if you want to contribute or have some ideas for the project. 
I love Pokémon and this was the third tools I built for the community. I'd love to do more! 
Please reach out if you have ideas or suggestions. I can also accept pull requests. 



